Update documentation with guidance on the use of aggregates and projections with Spring Data (#264)
spring-projects/spring-graphql: spring-graphql-docs/src/docs/asciidoc/index.adoc

[[data]]
== Data Integration

Spring for GraphQL is, in contrast to other GraphQL technologies that surface persistent

> data, not a data gateway that translates GraphQL queries into SQL or a JSON query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
data, not a data gateway that translates GraphQL queries into SQL, or JSON queries.
```

Instead, Spring for GraphQL is an API gateway that leverages existing Spring technology
following common programming models to expose underlying data sources through GraphQL.

Domain-driven design is the suggested approach to manage complexity  when using Spring Data.
So by design, a GraphQL API built on top of Spring Data can leverage only what's already
provided by an application.
It, therefore, must adhere to the constraints of an aggregate.
By definition, an aggregate is only valid if it is loaded in its entirety.
Partially loaded aggregates may impose a limitation on aggregate functionality.

> With Spring Data you can chose whether you want to let your aggregate participate as
> underlying data model directly to be exposed as GraphQL result or whether you want to
> apply projections to your data model before returning it as GraphQL query result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Spring Data you can choose whether you want to let your aggregate participate as
an underlying data model to be directly exposed as a GraphQL result, or whether you want to
apply projections to your data model before returning it as a GraphQL operation result.
```

> The advantage of using aggregates is that you do not require additional code to expose
> data through repositories. When processing a query, the integration layer transforms the
> query selection into property paths. It provides these hints of which properties to
> materialize to the underlying Spring Data module that limits the field (or column) selection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The advantage of using aggregates is that you do not require additional code to expose
data through repositories. When processing a GraphQL operation, the integration layer transforms the
operation's selection set into property paths. It provides these hints of which properties to
materialize to the underlying Spring Data module that limits the field (or column) selection.
```

Sometimes, an already reduced set of fields can be useful when exposing data. Also, some
arrangements might require transformations to be applied before data is returned for a

> GraphQL query. Spring Data supports for these scenarios projections: Interface and DTO

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GraphQL operation. Spring Data supports for these scenarios projections: Interface and DTO
```

Projections.

Interface projections define a fixed set of properties to expose. Properties may or may

> not be `null`, depending on the query result. A plain, https://docs.spring.io/spring-data/commons/docs/current/reference/html/#projections.interfaces.closed[closed interface projection]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
not be `null`, depending on the operation result. A plain, https://docs.spring.io/spring-data/commons/docs/current/reference/html/#projections.interfaces.closed[closed interface projection]
```

Author: query is here the database query.

can be useful if you cannot partially materialize the aggregate object but you still
want to expose a subset of properties.

You can use interface projections to apply a lightweight set of data transformations,
such as concatenations, computations or applying a static function to a property.

https://docs.spring.io/spring-data/commons/docs/current/reference/html/#projections.interfaces.open[Open projections]
leverage Spring's `@Value` annotation and
{spring-framework-ref-docs}/core.html#expressions[SpEL expressions]for transformations.

In both cases, interface projections define which properties to load from the underlying
data source.

DTO projections offer the highest possible level of customization as you can place your
transformation code either in the constructor or the getter method.

> DTO projections materialize from a query where the individual projections are
> determined by the projection itself. DTO projections are commonly used with full-args
> constructors (e.g. Java Records) and therefore they can be only constructed if all
> required fields (or columns) are part of the query result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DTO projections materialize from a GraphQL operation, where the individual projections are
determined by the projection itself. DTO projections are commonly used with full-args
constructors (e.g. Java records) and therefore they can only be constructed if all
required fields (or columns) are part of the operation result.
```
This paragraph reads a bit confusingly for me, what does it mean exactly?
`where the individual projections are determined by the projection itself`
`required fields (or columns) are part of the operation/query result` - should this be the operation's selection set?

Author: query is here the database query. 

`individual projections are` should be `individual properties are`
